I need to step away now btu the computer will keep working.. I will give you additional tasks to complete and try to complete them in order so when I log in it will be ready

1) i want you to contineu to implement the price graphs 
2) I want you to update all of the stock cards to use the information from each stock for those values that are most updated (what the stock values the correspond to).  2 sig figs MAX (past decimal point) if its just a decimal 0.XY. if its a two digit numbe rthey only get 1 decimal point
3) i want you to create a "news" section at the end of the stock card that lists top 5 recent articles pertaining to each company. I want you to also use our AI tool/analysis to evaluate it against our core 4 metrics (performance, stability, momentum, value) and determine which metric (2ish at most) each news article impacts (we can do those arrows up, down, and then angled to reflect impact) adn then if a user clicks on it it will reroute them to the actual news article. Make it look nice and modern, sleek, section
4) we can do a past, present future, kinda set up (after industry comparison) where we can do as follows (organized past present future):  I want you to also create a future prospect section for each stock that includes (feel free to be creative here but I just think its useful to be able to show aggregate analyst sentiment and hopes and futures. (the estimate section). For the present section it can reflect buy, hold, sell, and the like, maybe like bar chart ified and you can click a toggle that lets you see how sentiments changed over time
5) lastly, I want a "management"/"internal" section here where our purpose is to help pepolpe realize tbe new and interesting internal dynamics that people may not realize is directly responsible for a lot. so i want you to use the ESG/Soscial cores (internal audit, board risk, management risk, etcthat) and ptu that together nicely. i also want a lil box/section in this part where it goes (who really owns X?) and it shows the biggest % of owners (in.e the institutional ones) and give oner liner explanatiosn cif click) as well as some insider trading sentiment/trends